---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "value_replaced_when Resource - terraform-provider-value"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Enables the scenario to only change a value when a condition is met.
  The value attribute can for example be used as target for replacetriggeredby. To detect
  resource creation and resource deletion as change you can try the following approach:
  resource "value_replaced_when" "true" {
      count     = 1
      condition = true
  }
  
  resource "value_stash" "replacement_trigger" {
      // This workaround detects not only resource creation
      // and every change of value but also the deletion of
      // resource.
      value = try(value_replaced_when.true[0].value, null)
  }
  
  resource "value_stash" "replaced" {
      lifecycle {
          // Replace me whenever value_replaced_when.true[0].value 
          // changes or value_replaced_when[0] gets deleted.
          replace_triggered_by = [
              value_stash.replacement_trigger.value
          ]
      }
  }
---

# value_replaced_when (Resource)

Enables the scenario to only change a value when a condition is met. 
The value attribute can for example be used as target for replace_triggered_by. To detect
resource creation and resource deletion as change you can try the following approach:

	resource "value_replaced_when" "true" {
		count     = 1
		condition = true
	}

	resource "value_stash" "replacement_trigger" {
		// This workaround detects not only resource creation
		// and every change of value but also the deletion of
		// resource.
		value = try(value_replaced_when.true[0].value, null)
	}

	resource "value_stash" "replaced" {
		lifecycle {
			// Replace me whenever value_replaced_when.true[0].value 
			// changes or value_replaced_when[0] gets deleted.
			replace_triggered_by = [
				value_stash.replacement_trigger.value
			]
		}
	}



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `condition` (Boolean) If already `true` or getting `true` then `value` will be replaced by a random value

### Read-Only

- `value` (String) If the very first condition is false or remains false, then the value remains unchanged. 
The condition change from true to false does not trigger a replacement of those who use the value as
target for replace_triggered_by.

If the condition is true or remains true, then the value will be always updated in-place with a random
value. It will always trigger a replacement of those who use the value as target for replace_triggered_by.

There is a special case that a replacement of those who use the value as target for replace_triggered_by
occurs when the condition is unknown and uncomputed. This always happens whenever the condition becomes
unknown and uncomputed again.


